· What is the current DevOps adoption around the world? (being a global company, an overview region by region would be great)

Devops adoption around the world is growing at an astronomical rate. The hard numbers of adoption are difficult to quantify given the ambiguity of what DevOps adoption means to different companies in different regions, and our exposure has been to companies that generally know that these practices will be critical going forward. The questions around DevOps maturity and how far along the journey an organization or division are also call into question what adoption means. 
It is easier to reason about in an industry by industry breakdown, as technology trends track their competition and peers more closely than they track their neighbors.
Broadly speaking, consumer banking, finance, insurance, IT, and retail sectors have been firmly bought in and exist at different levels of maturity of adoption. Many companies in these sectors have been exposed and are beginning to adopt at different paces. All of these industries are aware of the changes that have occurred and are navigating the evolution with and without external help.
Telcos, energy, government, industrials, and real estate have less established practices and are further behind in the journey in our experience. There are large exceptions to this, however we have done significantly less work in these industries then the aforementioned. 
DevOps is a very social beast, companies adopting it use it as a recruiting tool, a marketing tool, and many other things other than a development and infrastructure revolution, so the silence from companies not doing it often louder than the companies trumpeting their victories and challenges.

· Should initiatives like G Cloud be created in other countries? What is the main benefit to a country with such a project and the main benefit to companies involved?
The G-Cloud framework is a fantastic opportunity for companies offering digital services for the government for the first time. It disrupts the often complicated relationship between private business and the government. Giving a clear and well-worn pathway into the catalog opens up a world of new clients and engagements to businesses.
The openness of pricing information has likely been a boon to government departments used to completely black-box and arbitrary pricing arrangements and what would generally be known as getting completely and utterly ripped off by the private sector.
One possibility that could prevent this from being successful in other countries is the vetting process for entry into the catalog and the amount of information about a product or service to do so. If politics were to get get a tight grip on that process, it could become a process in and of itself to be listed in the catalog, once again crushing diversity in the marketplace and creating another closed system of contractors and government relationship.

· How is/will the UK government and/or the public service make good use of DevOps?
The Gov.uk network is the hard-won result of the efforts of civil servants, contractors, and consultants to build an honest digital-first experience for the public. The use of DevOps has been essential in the creation of this experience, and this is recognized by everyone involved, including the public. The open source efforts on their part and transparency of blogging, tweeting, and otherwise communicating has been monumental to the success of their efforts and has attracted otherwise inaccessible DevOps talent to the program.

· Is there much need to educate and up-skill the public sector regarding DevOps? How will Contino be involved?

The public sector in the UK is well aware of DevOps ways of working and the advantages of doing so. The public sector elsewhere in the western world is far behind and will need to be educated through working examples of the coexistence and success of DevOps and government. Contino's role in this is to continue participating in the greater DevOps community and pushing the digital envelope. It is not possible to want DevOps excellence for an organization, or even to advertise the benefits very effectivelly. DevOps is a solution to a problem that an organization needs a high degree of introspection to feel strongly enough to solve. The public sector is not well known for self awareness in processes and practices, as they are isolated from the competition of the market.

· What is the danger of the public sector adopting DevOps without the right technology knowledge and infrastructure?
The public sector risks the same thing as the private sector does without properly educating themselves before heading down this path. A poor, expensive, and difficult to understand implementation that will be more difficult to fix than taking a measured and well thought out approach to begin with. A part of many consultancies businesses revolves around these types of engagements. We see many half-finished implementations and stalled initivies in need of revitilization. The major reason for this is not a lack of technology knowledge or infrastrucutre, but nearly always the difficulty of a major cultural shift in development and delivery of software as it is needed. This mental buy-in cannot happen overnight, whereas the implementation of a techonlogy can, so organizations go forward with the lower hanging fruit without taking the cultural shift into consideration.

· Can you give one quick case study of a customer you are working with? One of the largest retail, banking, telco or infrastructure enterprises, for example?
We worked with the life insurance division of a large insurance company that was attempting to keep pace with other parts of the business such as auto and health that had left it behind. 

· Why did this organisation require your assistance and what was the solution?
Life insurance is not typically a product that one expects to buy from a mobile phone or quickly, however customers of this insurance company came to expect to be able to purchase all their products from this provider in the same streamlined fashion. The customers drove the decision to house all the products under the same dashboard and communicate using the tools they were using for other products. Contino's involvement and solution was to help bring the customers closer to the developers and operators of this software, first and foremost, as they were completely isolated from the feedback of the users who needed to use this software. This begun the cultural and technological shift towards measuring and creating customer value with every sprint and every line of code in production. There was not a major, one-time, re-architecture guided from top and driven on the inside, but a gradual shift by isolating systems that were not built around this principle and seeing how we could re-use components from other parts of the business and integrate well with them. A side effect of this was organization change where executives needed to align around customer value as well, as the groundswell of support was built and the lines of reporting blurred. As this was happening, we used open source technologies and our expertise from other industries to build flexible, reliable, platforms that could be expanded and contracted as the system changed and grew.


· What does being a technology partner with AWS and Docker in your case mean?
Our partnership with AWS and Docker give us access to talent and lend us credibility to companies that may not be familiar with Contino in the DevOps space. The opportunity to train and build relationships with organizations through these partnerships has been invaluable in exposing our value to new markets.
